---
title: October 14th Transition Policy Workshop in Des Moines
excerpt: >-
  The first step is often the hardest step. Let’s take it together as a community. Come and pair with subject-matter experts to work on your business or organization's
  transition policy for employees making a gender transition.
date: '2019-09-23'
content_img_path:
template: post
---
##Overview##
The first step is often the hardest step. Let’s take it together as a community. Come and pair with subject-matter experts to work on your business or organization's
transition policy for employees making a gender transition.

##When and Where##
**Date and Time**  
Monday, October 14th from 6-8pm CT

**Location**  
Community Space located at the downtown Des Moines, IA Dwolla office at 909 Locust Street. Dwolla is located in suite 201 on the second floor. We will have volunteers stationed
in the first floor lobby to help you into the secured area of the building.

**Parking**  
Parking can be found at any of the following locations:
- Street metered parking on Locust, Grand, 9th and 10th Streets.
- City Parking Ramp: The 9th and Locust Street ramp offers hourly parking with skywalk access to our building. Be sure to arrive before 6 PM if you are accessing the building via skywalk as doors will lock.
- The parking lot to the south of Starbucks on Locust; public parking is allowed when gates are lifted

<a href="https://forms.gle/P29XA5dAMnwsdW2H6" class="button">Register Now</a>

##Who
Anyone interested in influencing a more inclusive environment for transitioning employees. We won't hold a bias on your title, you can be a CEO, HR professional or individual contributor at your organization.

##Value Proposition##
* For organizations with existing policies or guidelines - Review your materials with subject-matter experts and other organizations.
* For organizations without a policy - Move from thinking about a policy and start to put pen to paper.  Work with subject-matter experts and like-minded people to start the first draft.

##Agenda##
* Welcome + Ice Breaker
* Short presentation by subject matter experts
* Breakout sessions on workplace policies, benefits, transition planning, how to be an ally, and more
* Connect participants with ongoing resources

##Code of Conduct##
All attendees of the workshop, including participating organizations, will agree to abide by a [code of conduct](/code-of-conduct). If the code of conduct is not being observed, organizers will take appropriate steps to ensure a welcoming environment.

##Participating Organizations##
* Dwolla
* One Iowa
* Iowa Safe Schools
* Technology Association of Iowa

##Questions

If you have any questions, please email <a href="mailto:workshop@transitionforward.org">workshop@transitionforward.org</a>.
